README.md, before:

# hbs-utils #

Helpers that are useful when using [hbs](https://github.com/donpark/hbs) and
[handlebars.js](http://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js).

## Install ##

```
npm install hbs-utils
```

## Use ##

You must initialize *hbs-utils* with a reference to the *hbs* module, like so:

```javascript
var hbs = require('hbs');
var hbsutils = require('hbs-utils')(hbs);
```

## API ##

hbs-utils exposes some methods that are useful when dealing with partials in
your app.

### Partials ###

**Registration**

```javascript
hbsutils.registerPartials(directory[, opts, done]);
hbsutils.registerWatchedPartials(directory[, opts, done]);
```

These convenience methods will register all partials (that have a *.html or *.hbs extension)
in the given directory. `registerPartials` will perform a one-time registration,
while `registerWatchedPartials` will watch the filesystem to changes to the directory,
and automatically re-register any changed or added partials directly with handlebars.

`opts` is an optional parameter that can safely be omitted. It is an object
that can contain the following settings:
- `precompile`: (default: `false`) If `true`, the partials will be pre-compiled when they are registered.
- `onchange`: A callback of the form `function(template) {}` that will be called everytime a partial has been changed (added or updated). The name of the partial is passed as the sole parameter.
- `match`: (default: `/\.(html|hbs)$/`) A regular expression that each partial's filename is tested against to determine whether it is a valid partial.
- `name`: A function in the form `function(template) {}` that will be called for each partial. The name of the partial is passed as the sole parameter. This function gives you the opportunity to rename the partial before it is registered -- for example, to remove a leading `_` from the filename -- by returning the new name.

`done` is an optional parameter that will be called when the initial registration of partials is complete.

Partials that are loaded from a directory are named based on their filename, where spaces and hyphens are replaced with an underscore character:

```
template.html      -> {{> template}}
template 2.html    -> {{> template_2}}
login view.hbs     -> {{> login_view}}
template-file.html -> {{> template_file}}
```

See the [handlebars.js](http://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js) README and docs for more information.

**Compilation**

```javascript
hbsutils.precompilePartials();
```

`precompilePartials` is a helper to automatically pre-compile any partials which
have been registered but not yet compiled.

## History ##

**v0.0.4**
- Fixed issue with slashes in template names (thanks @[fengcen](https://github.com/fengcen)!)
- Updated dependency version specifications

**v0.0.3**
- Fixed declaration of `Instance` object ([#2](https://github.com/dpolivy/hbs-utils/issues/2))

**v0.0.2**
- Added `match` and `name` options (thanks @[jas](https://github.com/jas)!)

**v0.0.1**
- Initial release

## License (MIT) ##

Commit message:

Adding keepName option
This boolean field, when setted to true, does not modify the original filename. This is useful when you need to deal with partials using hyphens and underscores.

README.md, after:

# hbs-utils #

Helpers that are useful when using [hbs](https://github.com/donpark/hbs) and
[handlebars.js](http://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js).

## Install ##

```
npm install hbs-utils
```

## Use ##

You must initialize *hbs-utils* with a reference to the *hbs* module, like so:

```javascript
var hbs = require('hbs');
var hbsutils = require('hbs-utils')(hbs);
```

## API ##

hbs-utils exposes some methods that are useful when dealing with partials in
your app.

### Partials ###

**Registration**

```javascript
hbsutils.registerPartials(directory[, opts, done]);
hbsutils.registerWatchedPartials(directory[, opts, done]);
```

These convenience methods will register all partials (that have a *.html or *.hbs extension)
in the given directory. `registerPartials` will perform a one-time registration,
while `registerWatchedPartials` will watch the filesystem to changes to the directory,
and automatically re-register any changed or added partials directly with handlebars.

`opts` is an optional parameter that can safely be omitted. It is an object
that can contain the following settings:
- `precompile`: (default: `false`) If `true`, the partials will be pre-compiled when they are registered.
- `onchange`: A callback of the form `function(template) {}` that will be called everytime a partial has been changed (added or updated). The name of the partial is passed as the sole parameter.
- `match`: (default: `/\.(html|hbs)$/`) A regular expression that each partial's filename is tested against to determine whether it is a valid partial.
- `name`: A function in the form `function(template) {}` that will be called for each partial. The name of the partial is passed as the sole parameter. This function gives you the opportunity to rename the partial before it is registered -- for example, to remove a leading `_` from the filename -- by returning the new name.
- `keepName`: (default: `false`) If `true`, the partial name will keep the filename as is.

`done` is an optional parameter that will be called when the initial registration of partials is complete.

Partials that are loaded from a directory are named based on their filename, where spaces and hyphens are replaced with an underscore character (excepts when `keepName` is `true`):

```
template.html      -> {{> template}}
template 2.html    -> {{> template_2}}
login view.hbs     -> {{> login_view}}
template-file.html -> {{> template_file}}
```

See the [handlebars.js](http://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js) README and docs for more information.

**Compilation**

```javascript
hbsutils.precompilePartials();
```

`precompilePartials` is a helper to automatically pre-compile any partials which
have been registered but not yet compiled.

## History ##

**v0.0.4**
- Fixed issue with slashes in template names (thanks @[fengcen](https://github.com/fengcen)!)
- Updated dependency version specifications

**v0.0.3**
- Fixed declaration of `Instance` object ([#2](https://github.com/dpolivy/hbs-utils/issues/2))

**v0.0.2**
- Added `match` and `name` options (thanks @[jas](https://github.com/jas)!)

**v0.0.1**
- Initial release

## License (MIT) ##
